well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about uh a
teachable moment
that's happening right now something
that's coming out of the uh
the failed reopenings that's what they
are um
if you don't know a lot of president
trump's greatest allies those who stood
beside him when he said you know
everything was fine don't worry about it
we don't need to close down we need to
reopen
we need to get the economy back on track
that's our main focus
it's not really going to be that bad
those who stood by them
by them those who reopened their states
those who started that process before
scientists said it was advisable
well who who could have guessed it
they're having to stop the reopenings
they're having to scale things back
in florida and in texas this is
happening
yeah we can focus on the political
aspects of this
and how a whole bunch of people are now
going to show up to vote against
governor desantis
because of this and therefore they'll
end up voting against trump
yeah that's that that's worth noting but
there's a much bigger
teachable moment here what happened
scientists came out and they said hey
this is going to happen this is what the
models say
this is what we have to do to fix it
these are our options
those with the money in the u.s those
with the economic power they didn't like
the suggestions of the scientists so
they created this counter narrative
and they had the politicians who
they greatly influence support
that counter narrative and then a bunch
of people playing partisan politics
a bunch of people who wanted to play
their part in the culture war
well they signed on to it and they
agreed with it and they started
promoting this counter narrative
and then big surprise the scientists
were right
so now we have to roll back all the
reopenings
let's apply that to something else you
have an overwhelming consensus
of scientists saying hey
this is the projection this is what's
going to happen it's really dangerous
we have to make changes we need to
reduce our carbon output
we have a whole bunch of stuff we need
to do to save the entire
planet and what happened
a whole bunch of people with money those
who were threatened by
this advice they created a counter
narrative
and those politicians who they grateful
greatly influence
they promoted it and people who
wanted to play their part in the culture
war they promoted it so it took hold
this anti-science narrative
the difference between the two scenarios
when you're talking about
us having to reclose now and climate
change
is that if it gets too far with climate
change there's no
turning it off we have to make the
changes now
this was a a great moment it showed
exactly what's happening with that
debate
and it showed the outcome the difference
is
if climate change gets way out of
control and becomes an extinction level
event which it can
a governor is not going to be able to
sign a piece of paper and
roll things back it's done
we've got to get rid of these
politicians these politicians who are
supporting
moneyed interests over your life you've
seen it now
you've seen it happen this same thing is
happening with climate change
we have to address it we don't have a
choice
you can continue to play your part in
the culture war
but it's going to turn out the same way
we have one planet and the governors
and the presidents and the leaders of
the world
will not be able to do anything once it
gets past a certain point
we have to stop listening to the people
who would put profits
over people's lives anyway it's just a
thought
y'all have a good night